Updated the JDL section (#832)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/jdl/getting-started.md

Copy/paste this sample in a newly created folder and execute the command above.

You'll see that, with this little and very simple sample, you've managed to create an application from scratch.

### Using an inline JDL

The other way to generate content is to pass a JDL code in your CLI, this way:
`jhipster import-jdl --inline "application { config { baseName jhipster, applicationType microservice } }"`.

This way of generating content is especially useful when generating entities.

---

## Generating applications

As we've seen in the previous example, generating applications is quite straightforward, let's take the previous example
and add more things to it:
```jdl
application {
  config {
    baseName jhipster
    applicationType microservice
    serverPort 4242
    buildTool gradle
  }
}
```
Let's break it down:
  - `application` is the keyword to say you want to declare an application
  - `config` to say that you want to specify the configuration
    - we'll later see that you can also declare entities in applications
  - `baseName`, `applicationType`, etc. are keywords to tweak the application

This is how you create an application using the JDL.

> To see more application options, head to [this page](/jdl/applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see all supported application options, head to [this page](/jdl/applications).
```
